Okay, here's his diaper bag
and his, uh, Mr. Winky
and, uh...oh.
'Him. Hi.'
- So how did everything go?
- Oh, great. Great.
There was a projectile,
uh, throwing up incident
but he started it.
[both chuckling]
- Well, we've got to go.
- Okay.
[clearing throat]
Oh, right.
Um, I've got some news.
- It's about us.
- Oh, you and me?
Uh, no, Susan and me.
The other us.
Okay.
We're, uh..
We're getting married.
As in "I now pronounce you
wife and wife" married?
Anyway, we'd like
you to come
but we totally understand
if you don't want to.
Yeah. Well, why wouldn't
I want to come?
I had fun at the first wedding.
- Look, I just thought that--
- No, no, no.
I mean, hey, why shouldn't
I be happy for you?
You know, I mean,
what would it say about me
if I couldn't, uh,
revel in your joy
and I'm, I'm reveling, baby,
believe me.
Is your finger caught
in that chair?
Mm-hmm.
- Want us to go?
- Uh-huh.
[theme music]
♪ So no one told you
life was gonna be this way ♪
♪ Your job's a joke
you're broke ♪
♪ Your love life's DOA ♪
♪ It's like you're always
stuck in second gear ♪
♪ When it hasn't
been your day ♪
♪ Your week your month
or even your year ♪
♪ But I'll be there for you ♪
♪ When the rain
starts to pour ♪
♪ I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Like I've been there before ♪
♪ 'Cause you're there
for me too ♪♪
This is so cool, you're actually
gonna be on television.
I know. It really
hit me last night.
I'm going to be on
"Days Of Our Lives."
And then I started thinking
about all of us
and how these
are the days of our lives.
You know?
- Yes!
- What?
Carol and Susan's caterer
had a mountain bike accident
this weekend
and she's in a full body cast.
(all)
Yes!
They want me to do it,
which is really cool seeing as
I've never catered before and I
really need the money, and..
This isn't
a problem for you, is it?
- Would it matter?
- Oh, you are so great.
Thank you.
Are you really not going?
I'm really not going.
I mean, I don't get it.
They already live together.
Why do they need
to get married?
Because they love
each other
and they want to
celebrate that love
with the people that
are close with them.
If you want
to call that a reason.
♪ Who's the bitterest man
in the living room ♪
♪ The bitterest man
in the living room ♪♪
Hi, neighbor.
Ross, I thought
you were over this.
That has nothing
to do with this, okay?
She's my ex-wife.
If she were marrying a guy
none of you would
expect me to be there.
Hey, if she were marrying a guy
she'd be, like,
the worst lesbian ever.
Did I miss it?
No, no, I'm on right after
this guy shoots himself.
- Whoa, she's pretty.
- Yeah.
Oh, and she's really nice too.
She taught me
all about, you know
how to work with the cameras
and "Smell the fart" acting.
- Huh.
- I'm sorry..
- Excuse me?
- What?
It's like, you
got so many lines
to learn so fast
that sometimes you need a minute
to remember
your next one.
So while you're
thinking of it
you take this big pause,
where you look all intense
you know, like this.
- Oh.
- Okay.
[gunshot on TV]
Oh, here's my scene!
Here's my scene!
- Mrs. Wallace?
- Yes?
I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray,
your sister's neurosurgeon.
Tell me, is she
going to be alright?
I'm afraid the situation is much
more dire than we'd expected.
Your sister
is suffering from a..
A subcranial hematoma.
[exhales deeply]
Perhaps we can discuss
this further over coffee.
- Nice!
- Yeah?
- Excellent!
- Great!
You know, for a minute there,
I thought you were
actually trying
to smell something.
- 'Do it again!'
- 'Do it.'
- You're so good.
- Do it again.
- Yeah, one more time.
- Alright. Alright.
Damn it, Braverman,
it's right there on the chart.
[all cheering]
That's great.
Alright, I got to get to work.
I got a big dinosaur
bone to inspect.
- No, no. No, that's me.
- Oh, right.
- Oh.
- Hello.
Oh. Thanks.
I couldn't, uh..
- Is everything okay?
- Um, no.
(Phoebe)
'Huh-uh. Um..'
One of my
clients died
on the massage
table today.
- Oh!
- Oh, my God.
That's a little more
relaxed than you
want them to get.
Yeah, uh-huh.
Um, she was,
you know, 82 years old
and, um, her name
was, um, Mrs. Adelman.
Oh, honey.
Yeah, it's just
so strange, I mean..
You know, she probably
woke up this morning and thought
"Alright,
so I'll have some breakfast
"and I'll take a little walk
"and, and, you know,
then I'll have my massage."
Little did she know
God was thinking
"Okay, but that's it."
Oh! Oh, but the weirdest
thing was, okay, um..
I was cleansing her aura
when it happened.
And when, when her spirit
left her body
I don't think it went very far.
What do you mean?
I, I, I think it went into me.
God, this is so hard.
I can't decide
between lamb or duck.
Well, of course,
lambs are scarier.
Otherwise, the movie
would have been called
"Silence of the ducks."
Okay, who ordered what?
Oh, I believe I had
the half-drunk cappuccino
with the lipstick
on the rim.
Yes, and this with
the cigarette butt in it..
- Is that decaf?
- Oh, God.
I can't believe you're so
uptight about your mom coming.
I know, but it's just,
it's the first time
and I just don't
want her to think that because
I didn't marry Barry,
my life is total crap, you know?
[imitating Mrs. Adelman]
You want to talk about crap
try listening to Stella Neidman
tell the story
of her and Rod Steiger
for the hundredth time.
Uh, Pheebs..
How long do you think
this lady will be with us?
I don't know, I mean,
she obviously has
some kind
of unfinished business.
Sit up!
- There she is. Hi, sweetie!
- Mom!
Oh.
- So this is where you work.
- Yeah.
Oh, it's wonderful.
Is it a living room?
Is it a restaurant?
Who can tell?
Well, I guess
that's the fun.
Pretty much.
Here, meet my friends.
Monica.
You look gorgeous!
Oh, my, the last
time I saw you
it was eat
or be eaten.
- Uh, this is Joey.
- Hi.
- This is Phoebe.
- Hello.
And this is Chandler.
And you remember Ross.
- Oh, hello, Ross.
- Hi, Mrs. Green.
So..
What do you think
of my daughter in the apron
'with the big job?'
Oh, mom.
(Sandra)
'Oh, hey.'
If you didn't pour the coffee
no one would have anything
to drink.
Believe me,
sometimes that happens.
This is just so exciting.
You know, I never worked.
I went straight
from my father's house
to the sorority house
to my husband's house.
I am just so proud of you.
- Oh, really?
- Yes.
[imitating Mrs. Adelman]
I know who it is
you remind me of..
(Phoebe)
'Evelyn Dermer.'
Course, that's before
she got the lousy facelift.
Now she looks like
Soupy Sales.
Pheebs, who's Evelyn Dermer?
I don't know.
Who's Soupy Sales?
(Sandra)
'Oh, my God!'
There's an unattractive nude man
playing the cello.
Yeah, well,
just be glad he's not
playing a smaller instrument.
[laughing]
You have some
life here, sweetie.
I know, and mom, I realize
you and daddy were upset
when I didn't marry Barry and
get the big house in the suburbs
with all the security
and everything but..
God, this is just so
much better for me, you know?
I do know.
You didn't
love Barry, honey
and I've never
seen you this happy.
I look at you
and I think
"Oh, this is
what I want."
For...me.
Well, not just for you.
Well, what do you mean?
I'm, uh..
...considering
leaving your father.
Alright,
tell me if this is too cute.
Lesbian wedding..
Chicken breasts.
Oh, God.
I think I'm going
to be sick.
What? It's not like I'm putting
little nipples on them.
You had no idea
they weren't getting along?
- None.
- They didn't fight a lot?
No. They didn't even talk
to each other.
My God, how was I
supposed to know
they were having problems?
You know, in my day,
divorce was not an option.
Hey, look who's up.
Oh, I just can't believe
this is happening.
I mean, when I was little,
everybody's parents
were getting divorced,
you know.
I just figured
as a grown-up
I wouldn't have
to worry about this.
Well, is there any chance you
can look at this as flattering?
I mean, she's doing it because
she wants to be more like you.
Well, then, you know
couldn't she have
just copied my haircut?
You know, it's funny,
when my parents got divorced
they sent me to this shrink
and she told me
that all kids have
a tendency to blame themselves
but in your case,
it's actually kind of true.
- Ooh, that's him.
- Damn.
My mail-order grandfather
hasn't come yet.
- Phoebe?
- Yes. Hi, Mr. Adelman.
- Nice to see you.
- Hi. Thanks for meeting me.
Oh, that's alright,
although you did
cut into my very busy day
of sitting.
Oh. Um, oh, do you want to sit?
Oh, no, no. Please.
I spent most
of mid-morning
trying to stand up.
Now, what can I do
for you, my dear?
Oh, okay, I don't know
how to say this, but, um..
I think when your wife's
spirit left her body
it, um, kind of stuck around..
...in me.
You're saying
my wife is in you?
Yeah, okay, you don't
have to believe me
but, um,
can you think of any
unfinished business
she might have had?
Like, any reason she'd
be hanging around?
Well, I don't know
what to tell you, dear.
The only thing I can think of
is that she always used to say
that before she died,
she wanted to see everything.
- Everything?
- Everything.
- Whoa. That's a lot of stuff.
- Oh, wait, I, I, I remember.
She also said she wanted
to sleep with me
one last time.
Uh, I'm sorry.
There's laughing in my head.
Worth a shot, huh?
(Sandra)
'Oh, look at this!'
Oh, these are all Halloween
three years ago.
Oh, and look, here's Barry.
Oh, did he have to come
straight from the office?
Oh, no. That was his costume.
See, he's actually
an orthodontist
but he came
as a regular dentist.
Um, you guys,
remember when I said before
"Thank you, but I don't
really need your help."
Actually,
what I think you said was
"Don't touch that and get
the hell out of my kitchen."
Really? Weird.
Anyway, see, I planned
everything really well.
I planned and I planned
and I planned, just turns out
I don't think I planned
enough time to actually do it.
Hey, Mon, you want some help?
If you want.
- Hey.
- 'Hey.'
What a day.
Oh, I took her everywhere.
The Museum of Modern Art,
Rockefeller Center.
The Statue of Liberty.
- She's still with you?
- Yes.
I guess she hasn't
seen everything yet.
Oh, I'll be right back.
She has to go
to the bathroom again.
[imitating Mrs. Adelman]
Oh, such a pretty face.
[giggles]
Oh, this is so much fun.
Just the girls.
Do you know
what we should do?
Does anybody have
any marijuana?
God!
Alright, look,
no one's smoking pot
around all this food.
Well, that's fine.
I never did it.
I just thought I might.
So...what's new in sex?
Oh!
- What's new in sex?
- Well.
The only man I've ever
been with is your father.
I'm dicing. I'm dicing.
I don't hear anything.
I mean this as no offense
to your dad, sweetie
but I was thinking
there might be more.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You know what?
I cannot have
this conversation with you.
- Alright, alright, alright.
- 'I mean.'
God, you just come here
and you drop this bomb on me
before you even tell daddy.
What? What do you want?
- Do you want my blessing?
- No.
You want me to talk
you out of it?
- No.
- Then what? What do you want?
Well, I guess I figured of all
people, you would understand.
Why on Earth
would I understand this?
You didn't marry
your Barry, honey
but I married mine.
Oh.
Alright, people,
we're in trouble here.
We've got 12 hours
and 36 minutes left.
Move! Move! Move!
Monica, I feel like you
should have German subtitles.
Joey, speed it up.
I'm sorry.
It's the pigs!
They're reluctant
to get in the blankets.
Monica, how did this happen?
I thought you had
this all planned out.
Do you want me to cry?
Is that what you want?
Do you want to see me cry?
Sir, no, sir.
- Alright, you.
- What? No.
Look, I told you.
I am not a part of this thing.
Alright, look, Ross,
I realize that you have issues
with Carol and Susan,
and I feel for you, I do.
But if you don't
help me cook, I'm going to take
a bunch of those
little hot dogs and create
a new appetizer
called "Pigs-in-Ross."
Alright,
ball a melon!
Hey, how come
I'm stuck dicing
when he gets
to ball a melon?
[knocking at door]
- Hi.
- Hi. How's it going?
Oh, it's going great,
right on schedule.
Got my little happy helpers.
[all groan]
Well, that's fine. Whatever.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Okay, everything.
I think we're calling off
the wedding.
What?
You're still going
to pay me, right?
Or something
a little less selfish.
Carol, what's the matter?
What happened?
My parents called
this afternoon
to say
they weren't coming.
Oh, my God.
I mean, I knew
they were having trouble
with this whole thing, but..
But they're my parents, I mean
they're supposed to
give me away and everything.
Okay. I'm sorry.
'And then Susan and I
got in this big fight'
'cause I said maybe we should
call off the wedding
and then she said,
we're not doing this for them.
We're doing it for us,
and if I couldn't see that
then maybe we should
call off the wedding
and I don't know
what to do.
I, uh, can't believe
I'm going to say this
but I think Susan's right.
- You do?
- Look, do you love her?
And you don't have to be
too emphatic about this.
Of course, I do.
Well, then, that's it
and if George and Adelaide
can't accept that
then the hell with them.
Look. I mean..
If my parents didn't
want me to marry you
no way that would
have stopped me.
Alright, look
this is your wedding.
Do it.
You're right.
Of course, you're right.
- So we're back on?
- We're back on.
You heard the woman.
Peel. Chop. Devil.
I can't believe
I lost two minutes.
[crowd chattering]
It just seems so futile,
you know?
All these women and..
...nothing.
I feel like Superman
without my powers, you know?
I have the cape
and yet I cannot fly.
Well, now you understand
how I feel every single day.
Okay? The world
is my lesbian wedding.
[classical music]
[crackling]
[imitating Mrs. Adelman]
Butterscotch?
No one?
Alright,
you'll be sorry later.
[music continues]
- Thank you.
- Anytime.
Ross.
You know,
nothing makes God happier
than when two people,
any two people
come together in love.
Friends, family,
we're gathered here today
to join Carol and Susan
in holy matrimony.
Oh, my God!
Now, I've seen everything.
Whoa! She's gone.
She's gone.
Go ahead. Get married.
Go. Go.
♪ Stranger's in the night ♪
♪ Exchanging glances.. ♪♪
(Monica)
Would you look at them?
Yeah. Can't help but.
How's that
pig-in-the-blanket
working out for you?
I wrapped those bad boys.
- I miss Rose.
- Oh, yeah?
I know it's
kinda weird, but, I mean..
...she was a big part of my life
there, you know, and..
I don't know,
I just feel kind of alone.
You know, I, uh..
couldn't help overhearing
what you just said and, uh..
I think it's time for you
to forget about Rose
move on with your life.
How about we
go get you a drink?
Okay. That's so nice.
I shouldn't even bother
coming up with a line, right?
(Rachel)
'Hey, mom, you having fun?'
Oh, am I, I just danced with
a wonderfully large woman.
And three other girls made eyes
at me over at the buffet.
Oh, I'm not saying it's
something I want to pursue
but it's nice to know
I have options.
Uh-huh. That's good.
[clears throat]
There's more alcohol, right?
How you doing?
Okay.
You did a good thing today.
Yeah.
You wanna dance?
No. That's fine.
Come on.
I'll let you lead.
Okay.
Alright, look.
Penis, schmeenis, okay?
We're all people.
Okay, which one of us
do you think
is going to be
the first one to get married?
Uh, Mon, I was married.
- Yeah, me, too, technically.
- I had a wedding.
Alright, just trying to start
an interesting discussion.
(Joey)
'Oh, I got one.'
Which one of us do you think
will be the last to get married?
What? Isn't Ben in this?
[all agreeing]
Oh, oh..
[theme music]